README.md, before:

![Rooster Banner](rooster-banner.png)

## Installation

Rooster currently works on OSX, Linux and BSD.

To install, open a terminal and run this command:

```shell
curl -sSL 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conradkleinespel/rooster/master/install.sh' | sh
```

If the install script fails, make sure you have these programs/packages installed: `sha256sum`, `tar`, `pkg-config`, `libx11-dev` and `libxmu-dev`. Then try running the install script again.

Once you have installed Rooster, you can view documentation with:
```shell
rooster --help
```

## Contributors

We welcome contribution from everyone. Feel free to open an issue or a pull request at any time.

Here's a list of existing Rooster contributors:

- [@conradkleinespel](https://github.com/conradkleinespel)
- [@jaezun](https://github.com/jaezun)
- [@maxjacobson](https://github.com/maxjacobson)
- [@qmx](https://github.com/qmx)
- Awesome Rustaceans from the [Rust Paris meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Rust-Paris/)

## Donations

Rooster is and will remain free for everyone. If you feel like making a donation, I appreciate it though. Here are a few ways you can donate to support Rooster development:
- with Bitcoin: `13SPYbEZP9kvmtsKt6C9cYj4N6Ep7my6gL`
- with Litecoin: `LN6K6fn9Mq94vbiLNzW1GZ1TvWkVihyn8T`

If you cannot afford to donate, that's OK too. Just enjoy Rooster! :-)

Commit message:

adds design goals to readme.md

README.md, after:

![Rooster Banner](rooster-banner.png)

## Why another password manager

There are a lot of password managers out there. Rooster has some unique goals:
- it is simple to maintain for developers and open source so that it never becomes unmaintained
- it works completely offline with optional support for online sync (currently Dropbox)
- it stores simple appname/username/password tuples, nothing more, nothing less

In addition, it uses state-of-the-art cryptography algorithms (scrypt for key derivation, aes256-cbc for encryption, hmac-sha256 for signature) and it works all kinds of UNIX operating systems (Linux, OSX, BSD, etc). 

## Installation

Rooster currently works on OSX, Linux and BSD.

To install, open a terminal and run this command:

```shell
curl -sSL 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conradkleinespel/rooster/master/install.sh' | sh
```

If the install script fails, make sure you have these programs/packages installed: `sha256sum`, `tar`, `pkg-config`, `libx11-dev` and `libxmu-dev`. Then try running the install script again.

Once you have installed Rooster, you can view documentation with:
```shell
rooster --help
```

## Contributors

We welcome contribution from everyone. Feel free to open an issue or a pull request at any time.

Here's a list of existing Rooster contributors:

- [@conradkleinespel](https://github.com/conradkleinespel)
- [@jaezun](https://github.com/jaezun)
- [@maxjacobson](https://github.com/maxjacobson)
- [@qmx](https://github.com/qmx)
- Awesome Rustaceans from the [Rust Paris meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Rust-Paris/)

## Donations

Rooster is and will remain free for everyone. If you feel like making a donation, I appreciate it though. Here are a few ways you can donate to support Rooster development:
- with Bitcoin: `13SPYbEZP9kvmtsKt6C9cYj4N6Ep7my6gL`
- with Litecoin: `LN6K6fn9Mq94vbiLNzW1GZ1TvWkVihyn8T`

If you cannot afford to donate, that's OK too. Just enjoy Rooster! :-)
